_portfolio/portfolio-1.md, before:

---
title: "Autonomous Vehicle Integration for the LA28 Games: Corridor Scoping and Safety Guardrails"
excerpt: "Short description of portfolio item number 1<br/><img src='/images/LA28Waymo.png'>"
collection: portfolio
---

### About

Mega events like the LA28 Olympic and Paralympic Games are increasingly used to accelerate transportation upgrades and introduce new mobility services. However, planning materials and sponsor announcements rarely translate into a single, shared picture of how the full mobility system will operate under peak demand and public scrutiny. This creates a decision gap for agencies and partners trying to align mode shift, equity, and zero emission goals with realistic operational constraints.

This ongoing project synthesizes the LA28 mobility landscape into a scoping package for decision makers. The work delivers a structured map of confirmed mobility elements and stakeholders, along with a gap analysis that highlights where assumptions, responsibilities, and governance requirements remain undefined across the regional plan.

The approach combines cross agency document synthesis with corridor and venue level structuring to characterize how transit expansion, supplemental bus operations, demand management, and partner provided services fit together. Outputs support early planning by clarifying what is already committed, what is still tentative, and where governance questions concentrate as 2028 approaches. Next steps include translating priority gaps into a focused set of evaluation questions and data requirements for any advanced mobility services proposed for Games operations.

Commit message:

Revise excerpt for portfolio item 1
Updated the excerpt to provide a more detailed description of the portfolio item.

_portfolio/portfolio-1.md, after:

---
title: "Autonomous Vehicle Integration for the LA28 Games: Corridor Scoping and Safety Guardrails"
excerpt: "Building a corridor and venue-level framework linking LA28 mobility commitments to AV operating constraints, evaluation questions, and reporting needs. 1<br/><img src='/images/LA28Waymo.png'>"
collection: portfolio
---

### About

Mega events like the LA28 Olympic and Paralympic Games are increasingly used to accelerate transportation upgrades and introduce new mobility services. However, planning materials and sponsor announcements rarely translate into a single, shared picture of how the full mobility system will operate under peak demand and public scrutiny. This creates a decision gap for agencies and partners trying to align mode shift, equity, and zero emission goals with realistic operational constraints.

This ongoing project synthesizes the LA28 mobility landscape into a scoping package for decision makers. The work delivers a structured map of confirmed mobility elements and stakeholders, along with a gap analysis that highlights where assumptions, responsibilities, and governance requirements remain undefined across the regional plan.

The approach combines cross agency document synthesis with corridor and venue level structuring to characterize how transit expansion, supplemental bus operations, demand management, and partner provided services fit together. Outputs support early planning by clarifying what is already committed, what is still tentative, and where governance questions concentrate as 2028 approaches. Next steps include translating priority gaps into a focused set of evaluation questions and data requirements for any advanced mobility services proposed for Games operations.
